Final Project---Introduction to Airport Query System

Liu Chengjun, Student ID: 0490303961

The Airport Query System is built up based on the tab cobtrols. 
The built-in controls offered by Matlab do not contain tabs, so we introduce TabManager designed by Grant.
The information website in MathWorks Community is https://ww2.mathworks.cn/matlabcentral/fileexchange/54705-tabmanager-create-tab-panels--uitabgroup--from-a-guide-gui
I pack the original TabManager file into the zip.

When starting the program, there is a Loading GUI shown before the main program is initialized, with large font "Loading...".
The functions are distributed among four tabs:
1.Introduction page contains brief introduction and a button. 
  The toggle button is intended to show continuous colormap change of a globe model and close the showoff.
  The color-changing globe is shown in place of airport image in center of the page.
2.Overview page contains the world map.
  By clicking on different regions on the world map, the world map is able to show the positions of all airports in corresponding region in red points.
  The name of corresponding Region is shown below world map.
  The regions: Antartica, South America, North America, Europe, Africa & Middle East, Asia, Oceania
3.Searching page offers functions of searching for specified airports.
  The upper three pop-up menus and a button offers function of searching airports by country, city and airport name.
  The lower three sliders and a button offers function of searching airports by longitude, latitude and altitude.
  The result is shown in the right globe model.
  The texts above buttons remind the process of program("Loading...","Ready.","Done.")
4.Route Tracking page offers function of drawing a route from departure to destination.
  The upper three pop-up menus are to select departure, and the lower three are to select destination.
  The result is shown in the right globe model.
  The texts above buttons remind the process of program("Loading...","Ready.","Done.")
  The route will be automatically shown under the state of rotation.
  The stopping toggle button is to stop and restart rotation.